README.md, before:

Code Institute September 2022 Hackathon themed around the gender gap in tech
# **Mind the Gap Website**


# **User Experience (UX)**

  

## **Design**

## **Colour Scheme**


## **Typography**

Google fonts was used for the following fonts:


## **Imagery**

All images used were taken from free sources which is credited in the credits section. 

## **Wireframes**

### **Mobile**


#### Homepage on Mobile
![Mobile Home](/docs/home-mobile.png)

#### Questions Page on Mobile
![Mobile Questions](/docs/questions-mobile.png)

#### Results Page on Mobile
![Mobile Results](/docs/results-mobile.png)



### **Tablet**


### **Desktop**


#### Homepage on Desktop
![Desktop Home](/docs/home-desktop.png)

#### Questions Page on Desktop
![Desktop Questions](/docs/questions-desktop.png)

#### Results Page on Desktop
![Desktop Results](/docs/results-desktop.png)


# **Features**

## **Existing Features**

# **Technologies Used**

## **Languages Used**

- HTML5
- CSS
- JS

## **Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used**


[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) - Used to create wireframes.

[Bootstrap](https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_bootstrap.asp)

Git - for version control.

[Github](https://github.com/) - To save and store files on website.

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) - To import the fonts used on the website. 

[Coolors.co](https://coolors.co/) - For colour palletes.

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) - For the iconography on the website. 

Google Dev Tools - To troubleshoot and test features, solve issues with responsiveness and styling.

[Tiny PNG](https://tinypng.com/) - To compress images.

[Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) - To create favicon. 

[Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) - To show the website image on a range of devices. 


# **Testing**


## **Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section**

### **First Time Visitor Goals**


### **Returning Visitor Goals**


### **Frequent User Goals**


## **Known Bugs**

# **Deployment**

## **GitHub Pages**

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub.

2. Find the repository for this project, mindthegap.

3. Click on the Settings link.

4. Click on the Pages link in the left hand side navigation bar. 

5. In the Source section, choose main from the drop-down select branch menu. Select Root from the drop-down select frolder menu. 

6. Click Safe. Your live GitHu Pages site is not deployed at the URL shown. 


## **Forking the GitHub Repostiory**

By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub

2. locate the GitHub Repository, mindthegap.

3. At the top of the Repository just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.

4. You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.

## **Making a Local Clone**

To clone the mindthegap repository:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub. 

2. Go to the repository for this project, mindthegap. 

3. Click on the code button, select whether you would like to clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI and copy the link shown.

4. Open the terminal in your code editor and change the current working directory to the location you want to use for the cloned directory. 

4. Type 'git clone' into the terminal and then paste the link you copied in step 3. 

5. Press 'Enter'. 

# **Credits**

## **Code**


## **Content**

All content was written by developer. 

## **Media**


## **Acknowledgments**

Commit message:

Cm favicon readme (#26)
* Add favicon imgs & logic into html header

* Add content to README sections typography, user stories, and features

README.md, after:

Code Institute September 2022 Hackathon themed around the gender gap in tech
# **Mind the Gap Website**

Mind the Gap is an interactive online aptitude test designed to help women find their calling in the technology industry. Women who have any sort of interest in a career in the technology industry will be encouraged to take this quiz!

# **User Experience (UX)**

- As a user I want to know if I have any skills or aptitude for a career in the technology industry.

## **Design**

## **Colour Scheme**

The colours selected for this site were yellow(`color: #FFF200;`), white(`color: #FFFFFF;`) and black(`color: #000000;`). These colours were selected to invoke the sub-theme of this site which is mind the gap.

## **Typography**

Roboto was selected as the primary font for this site. It was selected due to its simplicity and it doesn't detract too much from the content of the quiz.

## **Imagery**

All images used were taken from free sources which is credited in the credits section. 

## **Wireframes**

### **Mobile**

#### Homepage on Mobile
![Mobile Home](/docs/home-mobile.png)

#### Questions Page on Mobile
![Mobile Questions](/docs/questions-mobile.png)

#### Results Page on Mobile
![Mobile Results](/docs/results-mobile.png)


### **Desktop**

#### Homepage on Desktop
![Desktop Home](/docs/home-desktop.png)

#### Questions Page on Desktop
![Desktop Questions](/docs/questions-desktop.png)

#### Results Page on Desktop
![Desktop Results](/docs/results-desktop.png)


# **Features**

## **Existing Features**

- __Quiz__
The quiz consists of different questions, all of which feature multiple answers. The quiz features dynamic flow and questions. These questions are designed to see if the user has any skills or aptitiude suitable for a career in technology.

- __Next Button__
A button found at the bottom of each question to move onto the next question.

- __Back Button__
A button found at the bottom of each question to move onto the next question.

- __Results Meter__
This is a graphical interfact that displays the users results as a percentage. The semi-circle will be filled in according to the users final score on the quiz. This for the user to easily read and visualize their respective score.

- __Footer__
Footer features links to each contributer of this website. Additionally 

# **Technologies Used**

## **Languages Used**

- HTML5
- CSS
- JS

## **Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used**

[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) - Used to create wireframes.

[Bootstrap](https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_bootstrap.asp)

Git - for version control.

[Github](https://github.com/) - To save and store files on website.

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) - To import the fonts used on the website. 

[Coolors.co](https://coolors.co/) - For colour palletes.

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) - For the iconography on the website. 

Google Dev Tools - To troubleshoot and test features, solve issues with responsiveness and styling.

[Tiny PNG](https://tinypng.com/) - To compress images.

[Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) - To create favicon. 

[Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) - To show the website image on a range of devices. 


# **Testing**


## **Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section**

### **First Time Visitor Goals**


## **Known Bugs**

# **Deployment**

## **GitHub Pages**

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub.

2. Find the repository for this project, mindthegap.

3. Click on the Settings link.

4. Click on the Pages link in the left hand side navigation bar. 

5. In the Source section, choose main from the drop-down select branch menu. Select Root from the drop-down select frolder menu. 

6. Click Safe. Your live GitHu Pages site is not deployed at the URL shown. 


## **Forking the GitHub Repostiory**

By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub

2. locate the GitHub Repository, mindthegap.

3. At the top of the Repository just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.

4. You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.

## **Making a Local Clone**

To clone the mindthegap repository:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub. 

2. Go to the repository for this project, mindthegap. 

3. Click on the code button, select whether you would like to clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI and copy the link shown.

4. Open the terminal in your code editor and change the current working directory to the location you want to use for the cloned directory. 

4. Type 'git clone' into the terminal and then paste the link you copied in step 3. 

5. Press 'Enter'. 

# **Credits**

## **Code**


## **Content**

All content was written by developer. 

## **Media**


## **Acknowledgments**
